(GH-449) Adds `enabled` flag for honeycomb (#455)
puppetlabs/pdk-templates: README.md

| Key                    | Description |
|:-----------------------|:------------|
| disable\_legacy\_facts | Set to `true` to configure PDK to prevent the use of [legacy Facter facts][legacy_facts_doc]. Currently this will install and enable the [legacy\_facts][legacy_facts_pl_plugin] plugin for puppet-lint for use during `pdk validate`. |

> | honeycomb | While enabled by default, honeycombs use can be turned off: s`enabled: false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| honeycomb | While enabled by default, honeycomb's use can be turned off: `enabled: false` |
```
